#8900
{BO,W}W{C}e{W}l{C}c{W}o{C}m{W}e{C} t{W}o{C} O{W}s{C}t{W}e{C}n{W} A{C}r{W}d{bo,w}~

You enter the gates of Asu'a, ruling kingdom of all Osten Ard, and stop in
awe as you gaze around the Great Hall.  The Hall is filled with beautiful
hand-crafted tapestries depicting scenes of pure captivation and
enthrallment.  The outer edges of the Hall are lined with enchanting,
glorious works of art which almost bring a tear to the eye.  And in the
middle of all the beauty a trumpet blares and out of the great double
doors at the head of the Hall enters Seoman Snowlock, King of Osten Ard.

~
89 0 1
D1
~
Gates~
1 -1 8902
D2
~
Chamber~
1 -1 8901
D3
~
Door~
1 -1 8903
Z3
C-1
S
#8901
{BLU}Kings Chambers{blu}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D0
~
Chamber~
1 -1 8900
Z3
C-1
S
#8902
{G}The Arena{g}~

The sun shines down upon you as you step out into the vast Arena, used to
hold Knightly tournaments and Grand Festivals!  You gaze around you and see
about a dozen entrances into the arena, from all directions.  Above the ten
foot wall that surrounds the arena are hundreds of seats for spectators, 
and a special box for Seoman, with room for his friends and visitors alike.
The last exit to the south is different than the rest, rather than a large
iron gate, this on is a thick Hatch leading downwards into the Armoury
where Knights are equipped for battle and tournaments.

~
89 0 1
D0
~
Iron Gates~
1 -1 8908
D1
~
Gates~
1 -1 8925
D2
~
Hatch~
1 -1 8907
D3
~
Gates~
1 -1 8900
Z3
C-1
S
#8903
{W}Down the Corridor{w}~

As you step out of the Grand Hall you are led into a long, thickly carpeted 
hallway.  There are doors on either sides of you, but three that stick out
from the rest.  To your right is a large archway, ornately carved with 
tomes and scrolls, with double doors set in place beneath the arch.  To 
your left is a smaller door of wood, which appears to be inches thick, and 
a sense of peace and solitude permeates through the doors.  Lastly, at the 
far end of the corridor is another set of large double doors with a guard
set on either side of them.  This door has the royal crest emblazoned upon
it, in bold colours and lettering. 

~
89 0 1
D0
~
Arch~
1 -1 8906
D1
~
Door~
1 -1 8900
D2
~
Oak~
1 -1 8904
D3
~
Hall~
1 -1 8905
Z3
C-1
S
#8904
{M}Inside the Study{m}~

Here you are, in the Kings private Study, a small cozy room without a
single sound to disturb the quiet, other than the soft crackling of the
fireplace. The room is sparsely furnished, with nothing more than a large
desk, a big comfy chair and a soft rug beneath your feet.  The walls must
thick indeed if no sound penetrates through, which would be the perfect
reason why the King would come here to rest and think.  To your right,
hanging on the wall, is a large painting of Seoman and his lovely bride,
Miriamele standing atop one of the great spires of the castle.

~
89 16392 1
D0
~
Oak~
1 -1 8903
E
painting~
{W} In the background, the castle buildings are covered in powder white snow,
unmarred by any imperfections.  In the foreground is {BLU}Seoman{W}, with {C}Miriamele{W}
standing behind him atop one of the castles spires, the {G}Green Angel Tower{W}
glistening just off to their right.  {BLU}Seoman{W} kneels, shield strapped to his
right arm and Bright-Nail gripped firmly in his left hand. He wears his
old, gray traveling cloak over his tattered green tunic and chain mail,
with rips and tears all through his leather pants.  Behind him stands
{C}Miriamele{W}, proud and beautiful, covered in her bright blue tunic and worn
green cloak with fur trim hanging loosely about her, blowing gently in the
wind.  In her right hand she holds her long bow with her quiver strapped
over her shoulder.  A shudder runs along your spine as you gaze with fierce
pride at this magnificent art, perfectly depicting your {BLU}King {W}and{C} Queen {W}alike.{w}

~
Z3
C-1
S
#8905
{C}Meeting hall{c}~

You step into a vast chamber with a huge table placed directly in the
center of the room.  Around the table are placed dozens of chairs.  This is
the Meeting hall, this is the place where all of Asu'a make their plans, 
devise their strategies and co-ordinate their retreats.  This is where you
now stand, preparing for the task that lies ahead of you.  The meeting is
about to start, take a seat, sit back and listen while the preparations are
made ready for your departure in the service of your King and country.

~
89 24584 0
D1
~
Hall~
1 -1 8903
X128
Z3
C-1
S
#8906
{Y}The Library{y}~

As you step out from under the archway, your eyes are led around the room
in wonderment.  Never before have you seen so many books, let alone in one
room.  There are dozens upon dozens of shelves stacked fully up to the 
ceiling, at least 15 feet high.  In the center of the Library are a bunch
of desks and chairs where you can pull out a book and study.  Very few
people are permitted into this maze of knowledge, only those who can be
trusted with the wisdom within.  It is a great honour to be accepted into
the small group of people, so please be considerate to those within, and
careful with what you may find. 

~
89 24712 0
D2
~
Arch~
1 -1 8903
Z3
C-1
S
#8907
{R}The Armoury{r}~

You step down into a large well-lit cellar.  All about you are weapons and
armours the likes of which you have never seen.  Every weapon you could
ever imagine, and some which are beyond all imagination are here somewhere,
on shelves, in racks, or cases.  Every type of armour, from helms to 
breastplates to greaves lie here as well.  And unlike most cellars, this 
room is completely dry, not a single drop of moisture to rust any of the
fine weapons or armour.  The air about you is stale and warm making you
feel very stuffy.  You take one more look around in awe before you turn
back for the breathable air above.

~
89 8 0
D0
~
Hatch~
1 -1 8902
Z3
C-1
S
#8908
{BO,Y}Overlooking the Hernystiri plains{bo,y}~

Once outside the gates of Asu'a you stop and turn to your right.  You stand
on a short cliff overlooking the plains to the east, The plains of
Hernystir into which you journey must lead.  Far off into the distance,
beyond rivers and fields that make up the plains, stands the line of 
mountains, barely perceptible, which serve as a barrier between the plains
and the vast ocean beyond.  It is in these mountains that Eolair, Count of
Nad Mullach, and Maegwin, daughter of Lluth, King of Hernystir, make their
final stand.  And lastly, it is in these mountains that you must venture to
offer what aid you can.

~
89 33554432 2
D1
~
~
0 -1 8909
D2
~
Drawbridge~
1 -1 8900
Z3
C-1
S
#8909
{YELLOW}Through the Hernystiri Plains{yellow}~

Down the short cliffs you travel to begin your journey eastward through the 
plains.  As the miles go by the land seems to become more and more level
and travel is fairly easy and enjoyable.  There are plenty of streams to
stop by for a refreshing dip, or to replenish your water supply but time is
short so you quickly press onward.

~
89 33554432 2
D2
~
~
0 -1 8910
D3
~
~
0 -1 8908
Z3
C-1
S
#8910
{YELLOW}Through the Hernystiri Plains{yellow}~

After several hours of travel through the plains you start to come upon
signs of civilization.  Farmhouses, which appear empty and villages 
deserted.  The people must all be moving to the larger towns to fortify
them against the invaders, so you believe.  Everywhere you look its the 
same, flat plains as far as the eye can see, deserted villages and
farmhouses sprinkled here and there, but not a single sign of life.  On you
travel through the eerily deserted land, going ever eastward towards the
mountains, and the last line of defense for the people whose land you tread.

~
89 33554432 2
D0
~
~
0 -1 8909
D1
~
~
0 -1 8911
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8911
{YELLOW}Through the Hernystiri Plains{yellow}~

You gasp in horror as you finally see people, or what's left of them,
littering the grounds around the largest town you have come upon so far. 
The bodies of the people of this land are spread all over in gruesome
displays of carnage and destruction.  Among them lie near as many bodies of
the Rimmersmen invaders.  An obvious trail of death leads eastward into the 
mountain paths beyond.  Time is running short for the people of Hernystir
and help is greatly needed.  That help is you, may your heart be strong and
your sword swing true for this is a test of might and courage you won't
soon forget!

~
89 33554432 2
D1
~
~
0 -1 8912
D3
~
~
0 -1 8910
Z3
C-1
S
#8912
{BO,Y}Approaching the Mountains{bo,y}~

And so it begins, your journey is nearing an end and the true test begins.
With bodies splayed all about you, you make your way eastward up the 
reaches of the mountains where you see the battle taking place.  Directly 
east, further up the mountains you can make out the forms of Eolair and
his men fighting off the Rimmersmen, trying to hold the cave where the 
people of Hernystir must be sheltered away.  However, between them and you
are dozens of men, dozens of faces streaked with rage and battle frenzy 
hooting and screaming cries of battle.  The line of men defending the caves
starts to buckle. Its only a matter of time before it crumbles altogether.
You must hurry, give aid where you can, reinforce the defense.  Last of all
you must crush this invasion and send these barbarians back where they came
from.

~
89 33554432 2
D1
~
~
0 -1 8913
D3
~
~
0 -1 8911
Z3
C-1
S
#8913
{BO,Y}The base of the Mountains{bo,y}~

The battle is frantic.  Bodies flying about you everywhere.  Every way you 
turn you see men going down in screams of agony, arms flying off, heads 
rolling about.  The carnage is almost enough to make you sick but you must
fight on.  You must reach the caves at all cost.  You must defend the 
people of this land from these pagan raiders.  You muster all your strength 
and courage and surge onward.  Nothing can stop you, these people must be 
saved and you alone have the power to do it!  Trust in yourself, and your
companions, and you will see that all will turn out well.

~
89 33554432 4
D0
~
~
0 -1 8914
D1
~
~
0 -1 8917
D2
~
~
0 -1 8915
D3
~
~
0 -1 8915
Z3
C-1
S
#8914
{BO,Y}The base of the Mountains{bo,y}~

The battle is frantic.  Bodies flying about you everywhere.  Every way you 
turn you see men going down in screams of agony, arms flying off, heads 
rolling about.  The carnage is almost enough to make you sick but you must
fight on.  You must reach the caves at all cost.  You must defend the 
people of this land from these pagan raiders.  You muster all your strength 
and courage and surge onward.  Nothing can stop you, these people must be 
saved and you alone have the power to do it!  Trust in yourself, and your
companions, and you will see that all will turn out well.

~
89 33554432 4
D0
~
~
0 -1 8918
D1
~
~
0 -1 8916
D2
~
~
0 -1 8913
D3
~
~
0 -1 8915
Z3
C-1
S
#8915
{BO,Y}The base of the Mountains{bo,y}~

The battle is frantic.  Bodies flying about you everywhere.  Every way you 
turn you see men going down in screams of agony, arms flying off, heads 
rolling about.  The carnage is almost enough to make you sick but you must
fight on.  You must reach the caves at all cost.  You must defend the 
people of this land from these pagan raiders.  You muster all your strength 
and courage and surge onward.  Nothing can stop you, these people must be 
saved and you alone have the power to do it!  Trust in yourself, and your
companions, and you will see that all will turn out well.

~
89 33554432 4
D0
~
~
0 -1 8913
D1
~
~
0 -1 8918
D2
~
~
0 -1 8916
D3
~
~
0 -1 8914
Z3
C-1
S
#8916
{BO,Y}The base of the Mountains{bo,y}~

The battle is frantic.  Bodies flying about you everywhere.  Every way you 
turn you see men going down in screams of agony, arms flying off, heads 
rolling about.  The carnage is almost enough to make you sick but you must
fight on.  You must reach the caves at all cost.  You must defend the 
people of this land from these pagan raiders.  You muster all your strength 
and courage and surge onward.  Nothing can stop you, these people must be 
saved and you alone have the power to do it!  Trust in yourself, and your
companions, and you will see that all will turn out well.

~
89 33554432 4
D0
~
~
0 -1 8915
D1
~
~
0 -1 8918
D2
~
~
0 -1 8917
D3
~
~
0 -1 8914
Z3
C-1
S
#8917
{BO,Y}The base of the Mountains{bo,y}~

The battle is frantic.  Bodies flying about you everywhere.  Every way you 
turn you see men going down in screams of agony, arms flying off, heads 
rolling about.  The carnage is almost enough to make you sick but you must
fight on.  You must reach the caves at all cost.  You must defend the 
people of this land from these pagan raiders.  You muster all your strength 
and courage and surge onward.  Nothing can stop you, these people must be 
saved and you alone have the power to do it!  Trust in yourself, and your
companions, and you will see that all will turn out well.

~
89 33554432 4
D0
~
~
0 -1 8916
D1
~
~
0 -1 8919
D2
~
~
0 -1 8918
D3
~
~
0 -1 8913
Z3
C-1
S
#8918
{BO,Y}The base of the Mountains{bo,y}~

The battle is frantic.  Bodies flying about you everywhere.  Every way you 
turn you see men going down in screams of agony, arms flying off, heads 
rolling about.  The carnage is almost enough to make you sick but you must
fight on.  You must reach the caves at all cost.  You must defend the 
people of this land from these pagan raiders.  You muster all your strength 
and courage and surge onward.  Nothing can stop you, these people must be 
saved and you alone have the power to do it!  Trust in yourself, and your
companions, and you will see that all will turn out well.

~
89 33554432 4
D0
~
~
0 -1 8917
D1
~
~
0 -1 8916
D2
~
~
0 -1 8914
D3
~
~
0 -1 8915
Z3
C-1
S
#8919
{BO,B}Cave Entrance{bo,b}~
You step out of the suns brilliance and into the dark, musty caves which serve as the Plainsfolks final defense.  A blur of men rush by you in their losing efforts to stem the tide of invaders crashing into their line.  You must make your last stand here with men because after you their is nothing to stop the crazed Barbarians from stealing the lives of the last of these people.  Behind you, deeper in the caves, lie the women, children and elderly of the Hernystiri people, the people you have come to save.  The battle must go no further, this is your charge, the task with which you have been given.  May your strength and courage prevail!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8920
D3
~
~
0 -1 8917
Z3
C-1
S
#8920
{BO,B}Inside the Caves{bo,b}~

   You see the people of the plains all huddled together, the elders, the youngsters and most of the women.   Some are cowering in nooks and crannies trying to hide themselves from battle, while others run around frantically.  Yet the Hernystir folk are a stern, proud people and the majority of the folk in the cave raise their voice in song in an attempt to both , encourage their men and block out the sounds of carnage from without.  The sight strengthens your resolve to press on and crush the invasion, yet you can't help but be saddened at the terror these people must be feeling.

~
89 16385 0
D1
~
~
0 -1 8921
D2
~
~
0 -1 8922
D3
~
~
0 -1 8919
X2050
Z12
C-1
S
#8921
{BO,B}Inside the Caves{bo,b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D2
~
~
0 -1 8923
D3
~
~
0 -1 8920
Z3
C-1
S
#8922
{BO,B}Inside the Caves{bo,b}~

   You stand in the darkness of the caves, the sounds of singing around you.  People running frantically by or merely cowering in hidden corners.  You take the time to rest and refresh yourself here by a cool pool of water formed from dripping water off a stalactite high above you.  The sounds of fighting can still be heard faintly behind you reminding you to be quick for you are still needed in battle.   

~
89 16385 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 8920
D1
~
~
0 -1 8923
X2050
Z12
C-1
S
#8923
{BO,B}Inside the Caves{bo,b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 8921
D1
~
RockWall~
3 -1 8924
D3
~
~
0 -1 8922
Z3
C-1
S
#8924
{BO,B}Dwarrows home{bo,b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D3
~
RockWall~
1 -1 8923
Z3
C-1
S
#8925
{G}Through the Nearulagh Gates{g}~

Outside the gates of the castle you gaze upon the breathtaking lands laid 
out before you.  To the north and east a vast expanse of lush, thick forest
runs further than the eye can see, while to the west is the graceful,
rolling hill country.  However this is no time for sight-seeing, there is a
very important quest to be done and you brave souls have been chosen to 
fulfill it.  The forest trail is the quickest route to the castle fortress
of Naglimund and time is of the essence.  You say your farewells to the
citizens of Asu'a and make your way down the trail towards the forest.

~
89 16794624 4
D5
~
~
0 -1 8926
Z3
C-1
S
#8926
{G}The Aldheorte Forest{g}~


Into the forest you tread, following a trail which seems to grow more and
more faint with every step you take.  The forest seems a much more pleasant
place from without, but you have entered and there is no turning back now.
The sounds of the forest are oddly missing, replaced by the faint whisper of
the wind, whistling through the leaves.  There is no signs of any kind of
life whatsoever, and the trees are so thick, the shrubbery so dense, you
can barely see two feet in front of you.  With a shrug, you try to orient
yourself and set off, continuing through the forest.

~
89 50177 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8927
X6291456
Z3
C-1
S
#8927
{G}The Aldheorte Forest{g}~

Deep within the Aldheorte forest you roam, wandering from tree to tree,
wondering if there is in fact a way out or if the Forest itself is keeping
you imprisoned.  Time is running short as you lose yourself within the
depths of this living madness.  While you grope around trying to find a way
out, defenders of the the Fortress castle of Naglimund are being killed, one
by one.

~
89 50177 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8927
D1
~
~
0 -1 8928
D2
~
~
0 -1 8927
D3
~
~
0 -1 8929
X6291456
Z3
C-1
S
#8928
{G}The Aldheorte Forest{g}~

Deep within the Aldheorte forest you roam, wandering from tree to tree,
wondering if there is in fact a way out or if the Forest itself is keeping
you imprisoned.  Time is running short as you lose yourself within the
depths of this living madness.  While you grope around trying to find a way
out, defenders of the the Fortress castle of Naglimund are being killed, one
by one.

~
89 50177 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8928
D1
~
~
0 -1 8927
D2
~
~
0 -1 8930
D3
~
~
0 -1 8929
X6291456
Z3
C-1
S
#8929
{G}The Aldheorte Forest{g}~

Deep within the Aldheorte forest you roam, wandering from tree to tree,
wondering if there is in fact a way out or if the Forest itself is keeping
you imprisoned.  Time is running short as you lose yourself within the
depths of this living madness.  While you grope around trying to find a way
out, defenders of the the Fortress castle of Naglimund are being killed, one
by one.

~
89 50177 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8929
D1
~
~
0 -1 8930
D2
~
~
0 -1 8927
D3
~
~
0 -1 8929
X6291456
Z3
C-1
S
#8930
{G}The Aldheorte Forest{g}~

Deep within the Aldheorte forest you roam, wandering from tree to tree,
wondering if there is in fact a way out or if the Forest itself is keeping
you imprisoned.  Time is running short as you lose yourself within the
depths of this living madness.  While you grope around trying to find a way
out, defenders of the the Fortress castle of Naglimund are being killed, one
by one.

~
89 50177 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8930
D1
~
~
0 -1 8929
D2
~
~
0 -1 8931
D3
~
~
0 -1 8928
X6291456
Z3
C-1
S
#8931
{G}The Aldheorte Forest{g}~

Deep within the Aldheorte forest you roam, wandering from tree to tree,
wondering if there is in fact a way out or if the Forest itself is keeping
you imprisoned.  Time is running short as you lose yourself within the
depths of this living madness.  While you grope around trying to find a way
out, defenders of the the Fortress castle of Naglimund are being killed, one
by one.

~
89 50177 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8927
D1
~
~
0 -1 8930
D2
~
~
0 -1 8927
D3
~
~
0 -1 8932
X6291456
Z3
C-1
S
#8932
{G}The Aldheorte Forest{g}~

Deep within the Aldheorte forest you roam, wandering from tree to tree,
wondering if there is in fact a way out or if the Forest itself is keeping
you imprisoned.  Time is running short as you lose yourself within the
depths of this living madness.  While you grope around trying to find a way
out, defenders of the the Fortress castle of Naglimund are being killed, one
by one.

~
89 50177 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8928
D1
~
~
0 -1 8929
D2
~
~
0 -1 8933
D3
~
~
0 -1 8930
X6291456
Z3
C-1
S
#8933
{G}The outskirts of the Forest{g}~

   Finally a hint of sunlight peeps in through the thick ceiling of leaves and branches, leading you to believe the end of this vast forest is near.  As you make your way towards the light you notice the brush becomes thinner and the air less suffocating.  Finally you can see the hilly land beyond and make your way towards it.

~
89 50176 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8927
D1
~
~
0 -1 8934
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8934
{G}The outskirts of the Forest{g}~

   The trees thin and beyond you can see the hilly lands near Naglimund.  Just beyond the hills you can see the peaks of the towers.  Wandering about the castle in apparent patrol are strange creatures cloaked in black and surrounded by an aura of menace and evil.  These can be none other than the dread Norns, come straight from legends of old.  The only way to the castle is through their patrols, you may attempt to sneak through but the senses of all Sithi are said to be very keen indeed!  

~
89 50176 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8935
D3
~
~
0 -1 8933
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8935
{BLU}The stormy Hills{blu}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 1056 4
D3
~
~
0 -1 8936
X4194304
Z9
C-1
S
#8936
{BLU}The stormy Hills{blu}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 1056 4
D1
~
~
0 -1 8935
D3
~
~
0 -1 8937
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8937
{BLU}Overlooking The Battle{blu}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 1056 4
D0
~
~
0 -1 8938
D1
~
~
0 -1 8936
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8938
{B}Outside the gates of Naglimund{b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 1056 4
D1
~
~
0 -1 8939
D3
~
~
0 -1 8941
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8939
{B}Battle for the Fortess{b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 1056 4
D1
~
~
0 -1 8940
D3
~
~
0 -1 8938
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8940
{B}Battle for the Fortess{b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 1056 4
D3
~
~
0 -1 8939
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8941
{B}Battle for the Fortess{b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 1056 4
D1
~
~
0 -1 8938
D3
~
~
0 -1 8942
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8942
{B}Battle for the Fortess{b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 1056 4
D0
~
~
0 -1 8944
D1
~
~
0 -1 8941
X4194304
Z3
C-1
S
#8943
{BO,W}Inside the gates of Naglimund{bo,w}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 33824 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 8946
D1
~
~
0 -1 8945
D3
~
~
0 -1 8944
Z3
C-1
S
#8944
{BO,W}Inside the walls......~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 33824 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8943
D2
~
~
0 -1 8942
X6291456
Z3
C2
S
#8945
{BO,W}Inside the wall......{bo,w}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 8943
Z3
C-1
S
#8946
{B}The halls of Naglimund{b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 16393 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 8947
D1
~
~
0 -1 8950
D2
~
~
0 -1 8943
Z3
C-1
S
#8947
{B}The Throne Room{b}~
add a portal (hidden escape) to lead out the back of castle to continue the zone! Thanks.  Management
~
89 16393 0
D2
~
~
0 -1 8946
Z3
C-1
S
#8948
{B}Up the Secret Stairwell{b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 16392 0
D4
~
~
0 -1 8949
D5
~
~
0 -1 8950
Z3
C-1
S
#8949
{BLU}The End of the Secret{blu}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 16392 1
D5
~
~
0 -1 8948
Z3
C-1
S
#8950
{B}A Secret Passage{b}~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 8946
D4
~
~
0 -1 8948
Z3
C-1
S
#8951
Honour 5a~
   Lalalalalalal this sucks lalalalalalalla i hate creating lalalalalala  Why don't you make the zone for me? lalalalalalala so i can go to sleep! lalalalala
'nope no icon
l@
'no icon
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8962
D4
~
~
0 -1 8961
Z3
C-1
S
#8952
Honour 5b~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8963
D4
~
~
0 -1 8962
Z3
C-1
S
#8953
Honour 5c~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8964
D4
~
~
0 -1 8963
Z3
C-1
S
#8954
Honour 5d~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8965
D4
~
~
0 -1 8964
Z3
C-1
S
#8955
Honour 5e~
I want to see how many letters can fit on to a row before they start to wrap around the screen on telnet!

~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8966
D4
~
~
0 -1 8965
Z3
C-1
S
#8961
Honour 6a~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 8971
D5
~
~
0 -1 8972
Z3
C-1
S
#8962
Honour 6b~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 8972
D5
~
~
0 -1 8973
Z3
C-1
S
#8963
Honour 6c~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 8973
D5
~
~
0 -1 8974
Z3
C-1
S
#8964
Honour 6d~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 8974
D5
~
~
0 -1 8975
Z3
C-1
S
#8965
Honour 6e~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 8975
D5
~
~
0 -1 8976
Z3
C-1
S
#8966
Honour 6f~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 8976
D5
~
~
0 -1 8977
Z3
C-1
S
#8971
Honour 7a~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8982
D3
~
~
0 -1 8981
Z3
C-1
S
#8972
Honour 7b~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8983
D3
~
~
0 -1 8982
Z3
C-1
S
#8973
Honour 7c~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8984
D3
~
~
0 -1 8983
Z3
C-1
S
#8974
Honour 7d~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8985
D3
~
~
0 -1 8984
Z3
C-1
S
#8975
Honour 7e~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8986
D3
~
~
0 -1 8985
Z3
C-1
S
#8976
Honour 7f~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8987
D3
~
~
0 -1 8986
Z3
C-1
S
#8977
Honour 7g~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 262144 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8988
D3
~
~
0 -1 8987
Z3
C-1
S
#8981
Honour 8a~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8913
D2
~
~
0 -1 8912
Z3
C-1
S
#8982
Honour 8b~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8914
D2
~
~
0 -1 8913
Z3
C-1
S
#8983
Honour 8c~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8915
D2
~
~
0 -1 8914
Z3
C-1
S
#8984
Honour 8d~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8916
D2
~
~
0 -1 8915
Z3
C-1
S
#8985
Honour 8e~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8917
D2
~
~
0 -1 8916
Z3
C-1
S
#8986
Honour 8f~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8918
D2
~
~
0 -1 8917
Z3
C-1
S
#8987
Honour 8g~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8919
D2
~
~
0 -1 8918
Z3
C-1
S
#8988
Honour 8h~
You are standing in nowhere !!!!
~
89 0 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 8920
D2
~
~
0 -1 8919
Z3
C-1
S
#8989
Off in the woods!~
You step through the shrubs into another, smaller clearing and notice, to your surprise and dismay, a rather large looking creature.  This large and furry monster is standing on all four feet, with flames flickering from one nostril to the other.  Its large tusks are honed to a razor sharp point and its large muscular legs end in long clawed feet.  Beside him stands a smellier, scruffier man than all the rest of bandits you have encountered. He is holding a whip and a large slab of meat which used to be deer, as you can see by the attached horn and cute button nose still hanging loosely on.  Well, looks like you may have some trouble here!
~
89 16384 3
D3
~
~
0 -1 8992
Z3
C-1
S
#8990
Outside the tents~
You stand outside the tents where you guess the leaders of this rag-tag bunch reside.  The tents are of nice quality, probably stolen from unwary travelers, and seem to protect the occupants from all outside weather conditions.  The guards posted at the entrances are all fast asleep!  Not a very alert and wary buch, these "ruffians".  Well, looks like it's time to get rid of the rest of this trash so you can go home!
~
89 16384 3
D1
~
~
0 -1 8995
D2
~
~
0 -1 8992
Z3
C-1
S
#8991
Inside the Lookout.~
You climb up the rope ladder and open the hatch into the lookout.  Before you lie two men who are "on guard" asleep on the floor.  The Lookout is much larger than you guessed from below, containing four separate rooms.  You quietly explore all the rooms, to find nothing of interest and only the two sleeping guards in the main entrance.  Well time to do what you came here to do, but try to make it quick and quiet!
~
89 16384 3
D5
~
~
0 -1 8993
Z3
C-1
S
#8992
TEST2~

     {BO,B}\ ___                     \       /   /)                 ___ /
      \    \_______________     \\ _ //   // _______________/    /
       \      //-  -    / \\__,- {BO,R}.{BO,B}\ /{BO,R}.{BO,B} -,((_// \   -  - \\      /
        \    //   {bo,b}{BLU}****************{BO,B}) ({bo,b}{BLU}*****************{BO,B}   \\    /
         \  //   /{bo,b}{BLU}****************{BO,B},_,{bo,b}{BLU}*****************{BO,B}\   \\  /
          \// __/ {bo,b}{BLU}*{BO,R}               THE                {bo,r}{BLU}*{BO,B} \__ \\/
          /      {bo,b}{BLU} *             {BO,Y} INNER {bo,y}              {BLU}*{BO,B}       \
                 {bo,b}{BLU} *{BO,G}             SANCTUM {bo,g}{BLU}             *
                  *************{BO,B}M{bo,b}{BLU}***{BO,B}\/{bo,b}{BLU}***{BO,B}M{bo,b}{BLU}*************{blu}

~
89 0 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 8990
D1
~
~
0 -1 8989
D3
~
~
0 -1 8994
Z3
C-1
S
#8993
Under the Lookout~
You step out of the firelight and under the shade of an enormous tree.  As you look up you notice a little 'house' built on the branches above you.  This must be some kind of look-out point.  No sense in letting these men spy you from above.  The best thing to do right now would be to climb up there and make sure no one can sound the alarm!
~
89 16384 3
D1
~
~
0 -1 8994
D4
~
~
0 -1 8991
Z3
C-1
S
#8994
TEST~














It is rather dark, you are having trouble seeing...
=== MAIN MENU =======================================
New players: please type 'ncc' or 'help' after entering the game.
and be sure to visit the MUD school.
These are the current game's settings:
--------------------------------------
Default game mode
0) Exit the server
1) Enter the crossroads
2) Change/Create your player's description
3) Change your password (recommended every 2 months)
4) Delete a player
What'cha want, buddd-dy?: 

~
89 16386 3
D0
~
Door~
1 -1 8996
D1
~
~
0 -1 8992
D2
~
~
0 -1 8905
D3
~
~
0 -1 8993
Z3
C-1
S
#8995
Inside the tent~
Well at least someone is alert.  You enter the tent to find a group of three men, cleaner and better dressed then the rest, awake and awaiting your arrival.  Maybe this wasn't such a good idea in the first place!  Oh well too late to change your mind now!  The three men jump up, surround you and commence the beating of you life.....not that its gonna last much longer.  The beating nor your life!
~
89 16512 0
D3
~
~
0 -1 8990
Z3
C-1
S
#8996
Inside the cage~
So you have made it to the cage alive.  Smart choice, unless you enjoy being killed by six large, smelly men.  You plop down in the corner and await an opportunity to escape......somehow.  Fortunately you don't have to wait long.  The guard who is supposed to be watching your cage seems to have had a little too much too drink.  You watch as he slowly falls and hits the ground with a resounding *@SMACK@*, as his head bounces off the cage.  Thats gonna hurt!  You jump to his side and stick you arm as far as you can through the bars and reach.  Al........mo.......st.........GOT IT!!!  You pull the keys back in and unlock the southern door to the cage.  Now's your chance to escape!
~
89 16384 0
D2
~
Door~
1 -1 8994
Z3
C-1
S
#8997
{BO,B}The Conference Hall{bo,b}~
~
89 8200 0
D0
~
Door~
1 -1 8999
Z3
C-1
S
#8998
empty~
You coninue your search through the dense forest, ever-watchful of beasts or bandits who may jump you at any point.  As you walk you notice a patch of light a little further south and make for it.  Perhaps there would be a good place to rest, under the suns warm gaze.  You pick up the pace, eager get some sun on your skin and some food in your stomach.  You realize that, aside from the lack of light and visibility in here, this is a very comforting place.  The fresh smells of the forest relax your body and mind, making this a perfect place to come and think when you are in need of rest and solitude, and you may have found the perfect spot to do it! 
~
89 16384 3
D2
~
~
0 -1 8997
Z3
C-1
S
#8999
{BO,G}The Four Seasons{bo,g}~

    {W}You step into the front foyer of the {BO,G}Four Seasons{bo,g}{W} as though stepping in to a dream.  The ceilings are at least 40 feet high, with gorgeous chandelliers of every colour of crystal imaginable.  The lounge is full of plush furniture you could rest indefinetly upon and watch the world pass by.  You stroll easily across the polished marble floors to the check-in desk where you are met by the polite concierge who offers to handle all you questions and problems.  The {BO,G}Four Seasons{bo,g}{W}, truly a dream come true!{w}  

~
89 8201 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 3014
D2
{W}A set of beautifully crafted oak doors stand before you leading into the main conference hall.  The wood is finely polished and almost seems to glow.  On the doors are richly crafted gold handles with the {BO,G}Four Seasons{bo,g}{W} logo imprinted on them.{w}

~
Door~
1 -1 8997
Z3
C-1
S
$~
