#31600
Sensite's play ground~

  The room is not more than a computer center with posters lining the wall and a book marked "How to use AOL without them knowing" laying to one side of the keyboard.  There is one locker to the right with all his old equipment used in many battles and pictures of the wars won and the women conquested.  The faint glow of the monitor fills the room and nothing is heard but the soft whir of the CPU fan.

~
316 65537 1
M51
T31699
X268435456
Z-1
C-1
S
#31601
The Love Shack (Mike's Apartment)~
 
   Hey!  This looks just like the role playing group you used to hang
with.  In fact its Dave's.  Matt and Pat are fighting for the couch as
Gene claims the recliner.  Mike runs around grabbing books and throwing
together his ideas so he can get started.  Her maybe we will get started
before midnight this time.
 
~
316 8204 1
D5
~
~
0 -1 31602
Z3
C-1
S
#31602
Monument City~
     You suddenly find yourself in a city that seems straight out of the
future, with cars taking off before your eyes and flying overhead.
Streets and buildings surround you, which seem surprisingly clean for
such a large city.  There are many people walking around going about
their daily business, whatever that may be.  This could almost be a
paradise.. if not for this annoying smell you cant get out of your nose.
You finally decide to walk further into this seemingly peaceful city
and see what it has too offer an adventurer such as yourself.

~
316 16777220 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31671
D4
~
~
0 -1 49808
Z3
C-1
S
#31603
The Sewers~

   So this is where that nasty smell was coming from.  Of course every
town needs a sewer system no matter how technologically advanced.
There seems to be some movement that has gone on down here.  You
remind yourself that you should be careful.  Never know whats down here
and it seems just a little slippery.  This must be a junction.  There is
exits in every direction.  Dang, the manhole is too far up too reach.
Well...better make the best of what you got.

~
316 4227084 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31607
D2
~
~
0 -1 31604
M30
Z3
C-1
S
#31604
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31625
D1
~
~
0 -1 31625
D2
~
~
0 -1 31625
D3
~
~
0 -1 31615
Z3
C-1
S
#31605
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D2
~
~
0 -1 31604
D3
~
~
0 -1 31606
Z3
C-1
S
#31606
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31618
D1
~
~
0 -1 31607
D3
~
~
0 -1 31617
Z3
C-1
S
#31607
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 31619
D2
~
~
0 -1 31608
D3
~
~
0 -1 31606
Z3
C-1
S
#31608
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31607
D2
~
~
0 -1 31607
D3
~
~
0 -1 31609
Z3
C-1
S
#31609
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D2
~
~
0 -1 31610
D3
~
~
0 -1 31618
Z3
C-1
S
#31610
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31609
D1
~
~
0 -1 31611
D2
~
~
0 -1 31615
D3
~
~
0 -1 31618
Z3
C-1
S
#31611
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31612
D1
~
~
0 -1 31606
D2
~
~
0 -1 31605
D3
~
~
0 -1 31610
Z3
C-1
S
#31612
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31613
D1
~
~
0 -1 31618
D2
~
~
0 -1 31621
D3
~
~
0 -1 31619
Z3
C-1
S
#31613
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
A HUGE neon sign marks the wall reading....

THE SHADOW FORCE SECRET HIDEOUT...BAD GUYS AND DELIVERIES ENTER HERE.

~
door~
1 -1 31626
D2
~
~
0 -1 31612
Z3
C2
S
#31614
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31614
D1
~
~
0 -1 31604
D2
~
~
0 -1 31614
Z3
C-1
S
#31615
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31605
D1
~
~
0 -1 31604
D3
~
~
0 -1 31612
Z3
C-1
S
#31616
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 3077 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31616
Z3
C-1
S
#31617
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
Z3
C-1
S
#31618
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 31610
D2
~
~
0 -1 31606
Z3
C-1
S
#31619
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31619
D2
~
~
0 -1 31619
D3
~
~
0 -1 31612
D4
~
hole~
1 -1 31620
Z3
C-1
S
#31620
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 31610
D3
~
~
0 -1 31609
D5
~
hole~
1 -1 31619
Z3
C-1
S
#31621
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D2
~
~
0 -1 31608
D3
~
~
0 -1 31621
Z3
C-1
S
#31622
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 3077 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31622
D1
~
~
0 -1 31622
D2
~
~
0 -1 31622
Z3
C-1
S
#31623
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31604
D1
~
~
0 -1 31623
D3
~
~
0 -1 31623
Z3
C-1
S
#31624
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31624
D1
~
~
0 -1 31624
D2
~
~
0 -1 31624
D3
~
~
0 -1 31624
Z3
C-1
S
#31625
Deep in the Sewers~

     You aimlessly wander in and out of the sewer pipes that criss-cross
under the city streets above.  If only the mayor could experience this
he would not praise this as the perfect city.  Things float by your feet
and the only sound heard is the echoing thuds of your feet and the
distant drip of water.  Maybe you will find an exit soon.  Hopefully...

~
316 1025 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31604
D2
~
~
0 -1 31604
D3
~
~
0 -1 31604
Z3
C-1
S
#31626
The Secret Base!!!~

     As you walk into this room, you see a sign on the wall that reads
"Shadow Force" on the wall.  Hey!  You just found their new secret
hideout here in Monument City!  You've heard rumors about the leader of
this group, a man called Avenger.  Hmmm....maybe you should see if he's
here and find out if he is as bad as they say he is!

~
316 12 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31629
D1
~
door~
1 -1 31628
D2
~
door~
1 -1 31613
D3
~
door~
1 -1 31627
Z3
C-1
S
#31627
A darkened room~

     A single light illuminates the room of this spartan base.  Seems
this must be a standard living quarters for members of the Shadow Force.
Dang....hope no one is home at the moment.

~
316 1 0
D1
~
door~
1 -1 31626
Z3
C-1
S
#31628
A darkened room~

     A single light illuminates the room of this spartan base.  Seems
this must be a standard living quarters for members of the Shadow Force.
Dang....hope no one is home at the moment.

~
316 1 0
D3
~
door~
1 -1 31626
Z3
C-1
S
#31629
Down the corridor~

     Your footsteps echo hollowly off of the metalic floors as you make
your way down the corridor.  You see advanced security systems tracking
your every move.  Sure is a lot of technology here.  You might be able
to turn it all off if you can only fing the main computer lab.  "It
has to be behind one of these doors," you mutter as you begin and try to
open a door.

~
316 0 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31633
D1
~
door~
1 -1 31632
D2
~
~
0 -1 31626
D3
~
door~
1 -1 31631
Z3
C-1
S
#31630
Thing's Lair~
As you enter the area, the room flickers with the few rays of light that
stray into its inky blackness. You squint your eyes and they adjust enough
to reveal the spartan surroundings. You make out a map marked with 
many different layouts and battle plans. In one corner is a lock box
with one of the largest locks known to man.  You glance to your side 
and your gasp at the sight in front of you. It seems to be a throne
made with corpses.  Their faces are locked in horror of their last moment
in this plane of reality.  A shiver runs down your spine and you know
you should leave soon before you are added.
~
316 81929 5
M50
X132
Z3
C2
S
#31631
A darkened room~

     A single light illuminates the room of this spartan base.  Seems
this must be a standard living quarters for members of the Shadow Force.
Dang....hope no one is home at the moment.

~
316 1 0
D1
~
door~
1 -1 31629
Z3
C-1
S
#31632
A darkened room~

     A single light illuminates the room of this spartan base.  Seems
this must be a standard living quarters for members of the Shadow Force.
Dang....hope no one is home at the moment.

~
316 1 0
D3
~
door~
1 -1 31629
Z3
C-1
S
#31633
Choices~

     There are two doors in this room and light is streaming from the
cracks of both of them.  You try one and then the other and both seem
to be unlocked.  Strange...the rest of this place was locked up tighter
than a safe.  Which way should you go?

~
316 0 0
D1
~
door~
1 -1 31634
D2
~
~
0 -1 31629
D3
~
door~
1 -1 31635
Z3
C-1
S
#31634
The Wrath~

     You close the door behind you with a loud CLICK as you step into
this dark room.  What you thought was a shadow suddenly moves from a
corner of the room and hurls itself at you with an inhuman snarl.  You
shiver in terror as wings blacker than night unfurl from its back and
seem to crush your last hope as it unleashes it unholy Wrath upon you!

~
316 1 0
D0
~
door~
1 -1 31636
X5
Z3
C-1
S
#31635
Forge's Lab~

     The door behind you quickly slides closed and locks with a metalic
click.  The room before you is a large workshop of some kind with lots
of high tech tools lying around.  You see several computers and all kinds
of security measures.  This must be the most heavily guarded area of
the base.  You hear activity from the next room and decide to move on.

~
316 16384 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31637
D3
~
~
0 -1 31638
X38
Z3
C-1
S
#31636
The Inner Sanctum~

     As you stumble into the room battered and bloody from your fight
with The Wrath, you see a man that could only be Avenger.  He slowly stands
and whispers, "So..you beat Wrath?  I congratulate you on the
accomplishment, for it will surely be your last."  You realize that the
only way out of here is past this man who seems to be already half dead,
and that he is not going to make it easy.  In a blur of motion to fast
for your eye to follow, the Avenger is upon you!

~
316 16393 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31633
D2
~
door~
1 -1 31634
X519
Z3
C-1
S
#31637
Forge's Lab~

     This room is similair to the one before it, with all kinds of wierd
gadgets and things lying around.  Suddenly, a couple of security drones
make their way towards you and begin to fire.  You want to meet the guy
who made all this neat stuff!

~
316 16384 0
D2
~
~
0 -1 31635
D3
~
~
0 -1 31639
X6
Z3
C-1
S
#31638
Forge's Lab~

  This room is filled with even more stuff.  Another pair of drones
make their way towards you and open fire.  This guy has to much time
on his hands!

~
316 16384 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31639
D1
~
~
0 -1 31635
X6
Z3
C-1
S
#31639
Back of the Lab~

     There he stands with his tools laying about him.  He must be working
on yet another weapon to add to the Avenger's arsenal.  He calmly looks
up at you and asks what you are doing in here.  A large sigh is let out
and a bright flash of light fills the room.  If you are going to disturb
him you are going to pay.  OH BOY, are you going to pay!.  Before you
stands a huge suit of armor lined with guns and missles.  He activates
his field and a small robotic chuckle is all that is heard.

~
316 16384 0
D1
~
~
0 -1 31637
D2
~
~
0 -1 31638
X6
Z3
C-1
S
#31640
Forest of Axis 5~

     As you step from the portal, you find yourself on a planet in the
midst of a war.  Huge smoking crators line the landscape and the only
creatures on this Hell planet seem to be heavily armed.  There is a
distant compound that may provide some cover from all of this.  The only
catch is that it seems to be the location of the most conflict.  Hey,
get some guts.  When was the last time you ran from a fight?  Ok, before
that.

~
316 4 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 31641
D1
~
~
0 -1 31642
Z3
C-1
S
#31641
Forest of Axis 5~

     You move in and out of the foliage fighting unknown legions.  These
guys seem pretty tough, even for you.  If you can make it to that spire
off in the distance, then you may find some needed rest and supplies.
Hopefully you can make your way there.

~
316 33792 3
D1
~
~
0 -1 31643
D2
~
~
0 -1 31640
Z3
C-1
S
#31642
Forest of Axis 5~

     You move in and out of the foliage fighting unknown legions.  These
guys seem pretty tough, even for you.  If you can make it to that spire
off in the distance, then you may find some needed rest and supplies.
Hopefully you can make your way there.

~
316 33792 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 31643
D1
~
~
0 -1 31644
D3
~
~
0 -1 31640
Z3
C-1
S
#31643
Forest of Axis 5~

     You move in and out of the foliage fighting unknown legions.  These
guys seem pretty tough, even for you.  If you can make it to that spire
off in the distance, then you may find some needed rest and supplies.
Hopefully you can make your way there.

~
316 33792 3
D1
~
~
0 -1 31645
D2
~
~
0 -1 31642
D3
~
~
0 -1 31641
Z3
C-1
S
#31644
Forest of Axis 5~

     You move in and out of the foliage fighting unknown legions.  These
guys seem pretty tough, even for you.  If you can make it to that spire
off in the distance, then you may find some needed rest and supplies.
Hopefully you can make your way there.

~
316 33792 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 31645
D3
~
~
0 -1 31642
Z3
C-1
S
#31645
Forest of Axis 5~

     You move in and out of the foliage fighting unknown legions.  These
guys seem pretty tough, even for you.  If you can make it to that spire
off in the distance, then you may find some needed rest and supplies.
Hopefully you can make your way there.

~
316 33792 3
D0
~
~
0 -1 31646
D2
~
~
0 -1 31644
D3
~
~
0 -1 31643
Z3
C-1
S
#31646
Inside the Spire~

     This spire seems a little out of place in this thick rain forest.  This
might pass as some sort of structure.  Its walls and floors are filled
with holes from all of the fighting.  There has to be someone here that
can help you.

~
316 0 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31647
D2
~
~
0 -1 31645
Z3
C-1
S
#31647
Turbolift~

     This turbolift seems to be just as beaten up as the rest of this
place.  The floor creaks and the cable looks like it might break at any
time.  The lift comes to a sudden halt.  This must be your floor.

~
316 0 0
D2
~
~
0 -1 31648
Z3
C-1
S
#31648
Corridor to Main Computer Room~

     The creatures you just killed seem to all be heading to the room
north of here.  As you look north you see a hastily constructed barricade
made of chairs and desks.  One of the things you chopped down had just
opened a hole in the barricade.  You quickly make your way through the
hole and hope its safer on the other side!

~
316 0 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31649
Z3
C-1
S
#31649
Computer Center~

     This room is lit by the glowing screens of the many moniters you
see.  Many of the computers and desks were pushed up against the door.
With a loud crash, the hole you came through is suddenly filled with
rubble as the cieling behind you collapses.  One of the many bodies
in the room suddenly stirs and you see a metalic glimmer come off of
its body.  Looks like you have a fight on your hands!
~
316 1 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31650
D4
~
hatch~
1 -1 31651
X6
Z3
C-1
S
#31650
Sikorski's Private Lab~

     This is Sycorsky's private computer room.  It houses the mainframe
and his personal link into it.  The room is kept at freezing temperatures
due to the heat generated by the computer.  Better not stay too long.
This cold could kill normal humans!

~
316 32 0
D2
~
~
0 -1 31649
Z3
C-1
S
#31651
Derner's office~

     A tired man sits agianst the wall with a rifle in his bionic hand
and a pistol in the other.  As you step into the room, you see him unload
a full clip of each into a sniper hole cut into the wall.  He pauses to
change clips and squints in the darkness enough to see you.  He mutters
something under his breath about the defenses and opens fire into you.

~
316 1 0
D5
~
hatch~
1 -1 31649
X6
Z3
C-1
S
#31652
Satelite of Love~

    You quickly regain your bearings and look out a window beside you.
You see a planet below you!  You must be on some kind of satellite or
something.  Most of the technology you see reminds you of the stuff
you saw back in the base at Forge's lab.  The only difference being
there seems to be areas repaired with bubble gum and balls of electrical
tape.  Weird!

~
316 12 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31653
Z3
C-1
S
#31653
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31654
D2
~
~
0 -1 31652
Z3
C-1
S
#31654
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31655
D2
~
~
0 -1 31653
Z3
C-1
S
#31655
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31661
D2
~
~
0 -1 31654
D3
~
~
0 -1 31656
Z3
C-1
S
#31656
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D1
~
~
0 -1 31655
D3
~
~
0 -1 31657
Z3
C-1
S
#31657
The Docking Station~

     The corridor ends abruptly and leads into this vast room that is
filled with what appears to be junk.  You see many parts and high tech
suits of armor everywhere, but none of it looks functional.  In one
corner there appears to be something with wings on it.  A clang and a
few gutteral curses are heard from within the heap.  Might as well go
and check it out.

~
316 8 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31658
D1
~
~
0 -1 31656
Z3
C-1
S
#31658
Inside the Mosquito~

     This seems to where the sound came from.  You climb up the gangplank
and find yourself in what seems to be the cockpit of a ship.  The only
problem is that it has no windows.  The chairs and consoles seem to
face a barrem wall of metal.  Well, not completely barren.  It does have
an old rear view mirror with fuzzy dice hanging down, but all it shows the
driver is another wall.  Oh well, you move towards the back of the ship.

~
316 8 0
D2
~
~
0 -1 31657
D3
~
~
0 -1 31659
Z3
C-1
S
#31659
The cargo hold~

     This ship is bigger than you thought.  This cargo hold could keep
a good number of vehicles or armor in reserve for any number of adventurers.
You finger a huge gun and move your hands across a cabinet agianst the
wall.  It flies open and spills stuff onto the floor with a crash that
could be heard a light year away.  From underneath your feet the banging
stops and you hear a voice yell out from the grate below, "Archie,
identify intruders and get rid of them if possible.  I'm busy"
~
316 12 0
D1
~
~
0 -1 31658
D5
~
~
0 -1 31660
Z3
C-1
S
#31660
The engine room~

     You drop down into the hole and find yourself in the engine room.
The engine lays in pieces at your feet, and what looks like a gas engine
from a lawn mower sits on top of the main console of the controls.  The
instructions on it read like this:
   (1)Prime before starting and put gear in H
   (2)Pull cord to fire reactor
   (3)Say a little prayer
     The man working on the engine stands up and sneers at you.  He
puts out his cigar but in a nearby beercan and starts towards you.  Looks
like visitors aren't welcome much.

~
316 137 0
D4
~
~
0 -1 31659
Z3
C-1
S
#31661
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31662
D2
~
~
0 -1 31655
Z3
C-1
S
#31662
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31663
D2
~
~
0 -1 31661
Z3
C-1
S
#31663
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D0
~
~
0 -1 31664
D1
~
~
0 -1 31666
D2
~
~
0 -1 31662
Z3
C-1
S
#31664
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D0
The door in front of you seems to be the airlock outside.  It has a keypad to one side with a slot to run a card accross.  Now to find the card.......

~
airlock~
1 -1 31665
D2
~
~
0 -1 31663
Z3
C-1
S
#31665
The Airlock~

     You have made it to the airlock.  You strap on the environmental
space suits you see hanging on the wall and begin to make your way out
of the now open airlock into space.  As you step through, a figure flies
up and blocks your way.  He is dressed in a glittering silver armor
with energy crackling all around him.  Looks like ya gotta get past him
before you can go any further.  Good luck!

~
316 133 9
D2
~
airlock~
1 -1 31664
D5
~
Airlock~
2 31617 31669
Z3
C-1
S
#31666
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D1
~
~
0 -1 31667
D3
~
~
0 -1 31663
Z3
C-1
S
#31667
Satelite of Love~

     You move in and out of the halls that line this satellite.  These
angels are everywhere.  Why do they keep asking about this Matthew guy?
They don't seem aggressive but they won't let you pass.  It doesn't
matter if they are angels.....they still bleed when you cut them.

~
316 8 0
D3
~
~
0 -1 31666
D4
~
~
0 -1 31668
Z3
C-1
S
#31668
So this is Archie~

     You walk into the main computer center of the satellite.  Archie,
the main computer, is in the this room but seems to be inactive or shut
down at the moment.  You suddenly notice another person in the room with
you and turn to look at him.  He walks from the shadows and steps into
the light.  His beautiful features and commanding presence give you
a slight feeling of awe.  As he looks towards you and smiles, you
notice what looks like a credit card in his right hand.

~
316 16396 0
D5
~
~
0 -1 31667
Z3
C-1
S
#31669
On a lone rock~

     You float past the corpse to a nearby rock.  A section of it is
carved out into a little dwelling.  Wait! What was that?  One by one,
the stars begin to wink out.  An inky blackness starts to take over
all that you can see.  The planet, satellite, and everything else is
consumed by it!  It seems to be coming towards you in a sphere-like
fashion.  Its center appears to be just a little north of you!

~
316 16385 8
D0
~
~
0 -1 31670
X4
Z3
C-1
S
#31670
At the End of Existence~

     You run into the small dwelling and find a lone man inside.  He
is sitting comfortably in an easy chair while looking at a bowl of
potato chips.  Suddenly, a chip dissappears from the bowl and reappears
in his hand!  Each time he does this the inky blackness outside shrinks
even further!  He is shrinking reality itself you realize!  The only
way to save yourself is to stop him.  You yell out a gutteral stop
as you pull out your weapons to kill him!  Suddenly, a huge gun jumps
into his hand with a flash and he attacks!

~
316 16513 8
D2
~
~
0 -1 31669
X6
Z3
C-1
S
#31671
On the streets~
     You slowly walk down the street looking at the passing citizens.
There seems to be an uneasy feeling coming from them.  Even the houses
and other buildings you pass seem troubled.  You have seen police cruisers
go by every few minutes, why are people afraid then?  It seems to be
well protected.  Hmm...maybe it would be a good idea to find out who
and why they are doing so.

~
316 1024 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31672
D2
~
~
0 -1 31602
Z3
C-1
S
#31672
On the streets~

    You slowly walk down the street looking at the passing citizens.
There seems to be an uneasy feeling coming from them.  Even the houses
and other buildings you pass seem troubled.  You have seen police cruisers
go by every few minutes, why are the people afraid then?  It seems to be
well protected.  Hmm...maybe it would be a good idea to find out who
and why they are doing so.  To the east there is some music coming
from what appears to a bar.

~
316 1028 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31678
D1
~
~
0 -1 31673
D2
~
~
0 -1 31671
Z3
C-1
S
#31673
The Juicer Bar~

     The gangs in this high tech city seem tougher than normal.  The
main leaders down to the lackeys are all hooked up in these cords and
exoskeletons.  The special drugs these guys are taking make them big,
strong, and MEAN!  You weave your way through all the toughs and they
growl at you as you walk by.  Maybe you should show them some respect,
and then again, maybe not!
~
316 1036 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 31676
D2
~
~
0 -1 31674
D3
~
~
0 -1 31672
Z3
C-1
S
#31674
The Juicer Bar~

     The gangs in this high tech city seem tougher than normal.  The
main leaders down to the lackeys are all hooked up in these cords and
exoskeletons.  The special drugs these guys are taking make them big,
strong, and MEAN!  You weave your way through all the toughs and they
growl at you as you walk by.  Maybe you should show them some respect,
and then agian, maybe not!

~
316 1032 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31673
D1
~
~
0 -1 31675
Z3
C-1
S
#31675
The Juicer Bar~

     The gangs in this high tech city seem tougher than normal.  The
main leaders down to the lackeys are all hooked up in these cords and
exoskeletons.  The special drugs these guys are taking make them big,
strong, and MEAN!  You weave your way through all the toughs and they
growl at you as you walk by.  Maybe you should show them some respect,
and then agian, maybe not!

~
316 1032 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31676
D3
~
~
0 -1 31674
Z3
C-1
S
#31676
The Juicer Bar~

     The gangs in this high tech city seem tougher than normal.  The
main leaders down to the lackeys are all hooked up in these cords and
exoskeletons.  The special drugs these guys are taking make them big,
strong, and MEAN!  You weave your way through all the toughs and they
growl at you as you walk by.  Maybe you should show them some respect,
and then agian, maybe not!

~
316 1032 1
D2
~
~
0 -1 31675
D3
~
~
0 -1 31673
D5
A loose plank creaks as you walk.  There seems to be light comming from under you.

~
plank~
1 -1 31677
Z3
C-1
S
#31677
The Juicer Lab~

     When you finally manage to squeeze under the bar, you find yourself
in what seems to be some kind of high tech lab.  These guys have the
juice everywhere.  As you walk in, all of the chemists stop what they
are doing and look up at you in a most agitated manner.  One of
them nods his head towards you, and the Bouncer growls and prepares
to toss you out.

~
316 12 1
D4
~
plank~
1 -1 31676
Z3
C-1
S
#31678
On the streets~
     You slowly walk down the street looking at the passing citizens.
There seems to be an uneasy feeling coming from them.  Even the houses
and other buildings you pass seem troubled.  You have seen police cruisers
go by every few minutes, why are people afraid then?  It seems to be
well protected.  Hmm...maybe it would be a good idea to find out who
and why they are doing so.

~
316 1024 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31679
D2
~
~
0 -1 31672
Z3
C-1
S
#31679
On the streets~

    You slowly walk down the street looking at the passing citizens.
There seems to be an uneasy feeling coming from them.  Even the houses
and other buildings you pass seem troubled.  You have seen police cruisers
go by every few minutes, why are the people afraid then?  It seems to be
well protected.  Hmm...maybe it would be a good idea to find out who
and why they are doing so.  To the west you see some kind of store. You
might wanna check it out.

~
316 1024 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31683
D2
~
~
0 -1 31678
D3
~
~
0 -1 31680
Z3
C-1
S
#31680
Carl's Pawn Shop~

    You open the door and walk into the shop.  It's even dirtier in
here than outside.  When you look around, you see quite an assortment of
guns, knives and weapons even you don't recognize.  You see things from
TV's to engagement rings sitting in cabinents and cases, just waiting
for the next low life to buy them.  Some of the citizens are looking
at the weapons with a dangerous gleam in their eye.

~
316 12 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 31679
D3
~
~
0 -1 31681
Z3
C-1
S
#31681
Carl's Pawn Shop~

    You open the door and walk into the shop.  It's even dirtier in
here than outside.  When you look around, you see quite an assortment of
guns, knives and weapons even you don't recognize.  You see things from
TV's to engagement rings sitting in cabinents and cases, just waiting
for the next low life to buy them.  Some of the citizens are looking
at the weapons with a dangerous gleam in their eye.

~
316 12 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31682
D1
~
~
0 -1 31680
Z3
C-1
S
#31682
Carl's Pawn Shop~

    You open the door and walk into the shop.  It's even dirtier in
here than outside.  When you look around, you see quite an assortment of
guns, knives and weapons even you don't recognize.  You see things from
TV's to engagement rings sitting in cabinents and cases, just waiting
for the next low life to buy them.  Carl walks up to you and blows a
huge cloud of smoke into your face.  When you look into his eyes, the
greasy smile he was wearing slowly slides off his face and he backs
away from you in a hurry.

~
316 8 1
D2
~
~
0 -1 31681
Z3
C-1
S
#31683
On the streets~

    You slowly walk down the street looking at the passing citizens.
There seems to be an uneasy feeling coming from them.  Even the houses
and other buildings you pass seem troubled.  You have seen police cruisers
go by every few minutes, why are the people afraid then?  It seems to be
well protected.  Hmm...maybe it would be a good idea to find out who
and why they are doing so.  You see a large gothic looking building to
the east...looks like the Police Department.

~
316 1024 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 31684
D2
~
~
0 -1 31679
D5
~
Covering~
2 31619 31603
Z3
C-1
S
#31684
At the Steps~

     You have found the Monument P.D. Headquarters.  The building looms
over you, casting a great shadow over a large section of the city.
From here, all of the city's police force and special units are sent
out to watch over and protect the city.  You quickly walk up the gothic
steps and go into the main hallway.

~
316 1028 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 31683
D4
~
~
0 -1 31685
Z3
C-1
S
#31685
In Police HQ~

    Inside the halls of the Monument P.D you see men and women equipped
as if they were going to war.  Their suits of armor and guns seem like
something out of Star Wars.  The police here swore to protect and serve,
but this is ridiculous.  The reason this city seems like a paradise
is because the police rule with an iron fist.  No wonder the citizens
seem so afraid.  Maybe YOU should read these guys THEIR rights!

~
316 8 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31686
D5
~
~
0 -1 31684
Z3
C-1
S
#31686
In Police HQ~

    Inside the halls of the Monument P.D you see men and women equipped
as if they were going to war.  Their suits of armor and guns seem like
something out of Star Wars.  The police here swore to protect and serve,
but this is ridiculous.  The reason this city seems like a paradise
is because the police rule with an iron fist.  No wonder the citizens
seem so afraid.  Maybe YOU should read these guys THEIR rights!

~
316 8 1
D0
~
backdoor~
1 -1 31689
D2
~
~
0 -1 31685
D4
~
~
0 -1 31691
D5
~
~
0 -1 31687
Z3
C-1
S
#31687
In Jail~

     Down here in the basement is where the cell for the worst scum
of Monument City is kept.  This is where all of the major threats are
kept until they can be shipped over to the prison island.  The only
way you will get past this high security area is to kill the guard.
You don't think thats going to be a problem.

~
316 1036 1
D0
~
cell~
1 -1 31688
D4
~
~
0 -1 31686
Z3
C-1
S
#31688
In The Cell~

    You open the door to the cell to reveal a man sitting in one
corner with his back up against the wall.  He glances up at you when
you walk in and asks why you're here.  Seems he is just biding his
time until he wants to leave.  Three meals a day and a roof over your
head aint too bad he says.  He suddenly jumps to his feet and walks over
to you.  The few rays of light that spill into the room from the small
window show a hardened man dressed only in jeans and boots.  A wide
grin splits his face and he says, "I don't like you."

~
316 16392 1
D2
~
cell~
1 -1 31687
Z3
C-1
S
#31689
The Firing Range~

     You walk into the private firing range of the P.D.  This is where
they test new weapons and equipment and refine their skills.  Huge
craters and burn marks line the walls and floor, as well as an
uncountable number of bullet holes.  Large targets at the end of
the range explode into tiny fragments as laser beams fill the air.

~
316 1024 1
D1
~
~
0 -1 31690
D2
~
backdoor~
1 -1 31686
Z3
C-1
S
#31690
The Firing Range~

     You walk into the private firing range of the P.D.  This is where
they test new weapons and equipment and refine their skills.  Huge
craters and burns marks line the walls and floor, as well as an
uncountable number of bullet holes.  Large targets at the end of the
range explode into tiny fragments as laser beams fill the air.

~
316 1028 1
D3
~
~
0 -1 31689
Z3
C-1
S
#31691
In Police HQ~

    Inside the halls of the Monument P.D you see men and women equipped
as if they were going to war.  Their suits of armor and guns seem like
something out of Star Wars.  The police here swore to protect and serve,
but this is ridiculous.  The reason this city seems like a paradise
is because the police rule with an iron fist.  No wonder the citizens
seem so afraid.  Maybe YOU should read these guys THEIR rights!

~
316 8 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31692
D5
~
~
0 -1 31686
Z3
C-1
S
#31692
In Police HQ~

    Inside the halls of the Monument P.D you see men and women equipped
as if they were going to war.  Their suits of armor and guns seem like
something out of Star Wars.  The police here swore to protect and serve,
but this is ridiculous.  The reason this city seems like a paradise
is because the police rule with an iron fist.  No wonder the citizens
seem so afraid.  Maybe YOU should read these guys THEIR rights!

~
316 8 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31693
D2
~
~
0 -1 31691
Z3
C-1
S
#31693
In Police HQ~

    Inside the halls of the Monument P.D you see men and women equipped
as if they were going to war.  Their suits of armor and guns seem like
something out of Star Wars.  The police here swore to protect and serve,
but this is ridiculous.  The reason this city seems like a paradise
is because the police rule with an iron fist.  No wonder the citizens
seem so afraid.  Maybe YOU should read these guys THEIR rights!

~
316 8 1
D0
~
~
0 -1 31694
D1
~
Office Door~
2 31616 31696
D2
~
~
0 -1 31692
D3
~
Office Door~
2 31616 31695
Z3
C-1
S
#31694
The Chief's Office~
    You see the word "Chief" written on the window as you open the door
and walk in.  The Chief stands up with a livid look on his face and
glares at you like your High School principal did whenever you got into
trouble.  This guy really gives you the creeps.  You jump across the 
desk to show him the true meaning of murder!

~
316 12 1
D2
~
~
0 -1 31693
Z3
C-1
S
#31695
In a Cubicle~

    You walk into a small cubicle provided for all detectives.  The
desk is cluttered with papers and pictures of all the various cases
being worked.  The seat is worn and seems to old to be part of such a
ultra-modern city.  The in-box is overflowing with paperwork while the
out-box has an inch of dust in it.  The typewriter sits to one side of
the desk acting as a paperweight.

~
316 8 1
D1
~
Office Door~
1 -1 31693
Z3
C-1
S
#31696
In a Cubicle~

    You walk into a small cubicle provided for all detectives.  The
desk is cluttered with papers and pictures of all the various cases
being worked.  The seat is worn and seems to old to be part of such a
ultra-modern city.  The in-box is overflowing with paperwork while the
out-box has an inch of dust in it.  The typewriter sits to one side of
the desk acting as a paperweight.

~
316 8 1
D3
~
Office Door~
1 -1 31693
Z3
C-1
S
#31699
In a Cubicle~

    You walk into a small cubicle provided for all detectives.  The
desk is cluttered with papers and pictures of all the various cases
being worked.  The seat is worn and seems to old to be part of such a
ultra-modern city.  The in-box is overflowing with paperwork while the
out-box has an inch of dust in it.  The typewriter sits to one side of
the desk acting as a paperweight.

~
316 8 1
T31600
Z3
C-1
S
$~
